OSDOCS#16913: CQA for next set of CLI assemblies (#107352)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-extending-plugins-installing.adoc

/usr/local/bin/<plugin_file>
----
+
If your plugin is not listed here, verify that the file begins with `oc-` or `kubectl-`, is executable, and is on your `PATH`.
. Invoke the new command or option introduced by the plugin.
+

> For example, if you built and installed the `kubectl-ns` plugin from the link:https://github.com/kubernetes/sample-cli-plugin[Sample plugin repository], you can use the following command to view the current namespace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if you built and installed the `kubectl-ns` plugin from the link:https://github.com/kubernetes/sample-cli-plugin[Sample plugin repository], you can use the following command to view the current namespace:
```

+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc ns
----
+
Note that the command to invoke the plugin depends on the plugin file name.

> For example, a plugin with the file name of `oc-foo-bar` is invoked by the `oc foo bar` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a plugin with the file name of `oc-app-now` is invoked by the `oc app now` command.
```
idk, i have been given the comment not use foo bar

Author: Yeah that's true, but I'm going to leave it as is since it's not critical to the CQA
